hey guys oo here from acquisition
partner now today guys in this video
what I'm going to do is actually show
you a um a bit of a walk through of a a
cold Outreach messaging kind of script
that I've been presented with through a
guy who's hit me up on Facebook
messenger and the reason that I want to
do this is that there's a lot that could
be learned from how this guy has
approached me and how he's communicated
to me and why I would never uh consider
working with him or working with the
business that he's trying to pitch and
sell for okay and the reason that I'm
doing this is not to harp on at the guy
I don't want to you know show any sort
of negativity towards him but by the
sense of it I I know that he's a young
person um a lot of you guys out there
are starting a business um maybe you
don't know quite right the right way to
communicate with um other businesses and
potential clients that you want to work
with Okay so what I'm going to do here
is actually show you the chat that this
guy went through and this what this is
going to basically reveal is is this
individual or this business's uh script
and their kind of appointment setting
workflow so that might be useful for you
chances are if you are on Facebook and
you have an agency and you're you're
making money you're going to be getting
um absolutely blasted through people
doing the same thing as well okay so
without further Ado I'm going to uh move
my uh my mug over to this side of the
page right and what I'm going to do here
is just click uh first of all so we can
listen to his video all right so listen
up see you also got an agency go back to
the go back to the beginning
okay hey there rotto I hope you're
having a great day listen I see you also
got an agency so I've got a quick
question for you are you open to new
ways of getting digital marketing
clients um the only reason I'm asking is
because I think I've got a great
opportunity for you that can help you
learn many more clients but I don't want
to pitch it to you without your
permission so I'm not going to however
if you are interested then drop me a
thumbs up and I'll tell you all about it
thanks hey there
Otto all right guys so like I say again
I don't want to harp on anybody who's
doing cold Outreach I think if you are
doing Outreach for your own business or
perhaps met like this guy think it's his
job to do this uh it's not actually his
business but if you are doing Outreach
for yourself your own business or for a
company that you work with um I don't
see anything morally wrong in that I I
think that you know I believe to my core
that if you have a business it's your
duty to sell um you know otherwise you
would be running a charity or a
nonprofit and even then you have to sell
um but that being said okay there's a
way of doing things and communicating
and influencing people and selling uh
that's right and there's a way that's uh
that's also wrong okay so what I'm going
to do here is just is is just pick
through this flow and like I say this is
going to be useful for you if you're
doing the same thing if you're looking
at ways to to kind of I guess not
aggravate your prospects and actually
build trust and authenticity properly um
then I'm going to help you do that
through uh through live coach in through
this this chat here okay so in the video
what we heard um was this guy basically
using a little bit of personalization at
the first at at the start case so use my
first name which is obviously good um
it's going to Peak my attention straight
away you know it's a lot better than
just going in and saying like hey you're
you a business and I can help you kind
of thing all right so the the first step
is all good it's fine okay um the second
thing here is that uh you as the guy
carried on talking it was pretty clear
that although he had my first name he
actually didn't have any understanding
of the business that I run okay so when
he's talking about do you want to get
digital marketing clients I actually
don't know anybody who runs an agency or
a Facebook ads agency or an email clayo
agency whatever it might be it that that
refers to getting clients in that way
okay so when we had our email agency we
wouldn't be doing Outreach to people
saying you know we can help you with
your digital marketing you know you're a
digital marketing client of us that's
it's uh the verbiage of that is is way
too too generic and um from a human
point of view like a human psychology
point of view it's incredibly
off-putting okay so as as we go deeper
into this guy's message it kind of
becomes more clear that he he doesn't
understand the business and that you
know at the end of the day we're we're
no strangers to the fact that um you
know in order to close clients there has
to be a certain level of volume um but
this is why it's making it incredibly
difficult and it's why it's making the
market seemingly so saturated is because
there's thousands of people like this
who are putting across the same
messaging all right and just the last
part of the video here and again this is
something I'm being absolutely hammered
with and I've talked about it in
previous uh previous videos but he's
asking for a uh a micro commitment okay
so what he's looking for is he's he's
trying to build authenticity he's trying
to frontload trust he's trying to frame
himself in the conversation so that I
don't think he's selling and I uh I come
back to him with some sort of reply okay
and that's what the goal is for cold
Outreach it's engagement it's not the
sale okay so a lot of you guys will be
doing cold Outreach putting forward your
offer case studies um you know you could
go for this package or this package
you're trying to sell in the first email
or the second or the third followup
whatever it might be but actually people
who are good at outreaching know what
they're doing or have a strategy know
that the the real um you know Northstar
metric is actually engagement whether
that's positive whether that's negative
whether that's neutral the worst kind of
response you can get from your cold
Outreach is no response okay so just
just remember that so what this guy does
at the end he says you know I've got
something I want to send over to you is
it okay just let me know if it's okay
all right so getting a micro commitment
is a sales technique but you have to you
have to partner that with a certain
level of authenticity um and Rapport
building as well okay so I don't know
this guy he's not really understood my
business yes he's got my first name
there's tools out there now with AI that
you can actually customize first names
across video as well so chances are he's
done that um recorded you know a
thousand videos um um he he's recorded
one video and been able to send that out
to a th prospects he using a a platform
to to customize the first name there um
so asking for a m a micro commitment
isn't inherently wrong but it is wrong
with if you haven't front loaded trust
built any sort of rapport with with the
prospect okay so the guide then has
followed up so um third of September hey
Al I've call with you fourth um okay I I
actually did respond to him um I said
yeah he's come back with an audio file
and then um here like everybody knows
this guy he's he's on YouTube um we've
actually had people in Discord talk a
little bit about um their program so
again I don't want to I'm not saying
either way whether it's good or bad you
make your own decision with these things
um but it's just interesting this this
workflow that's come through here okay
so then the the next few things kind of
started to not aggravate me um because
literally you know it's impossible for
me to get aggravated by a message on the
Internet it's um it's not something that
really bothers me um but I think the the
follow-ups here with the gifts you know
maybe this works for 15year olds um
maybe it works if you're selling a a low
ticket um you know product or whatever
it might be and and again maybe it works
for these guys but for me Personal Taste
wise um I don't know it it didn't really
peique my engagement um and it kind of
did even more to to turn me off okay and
I think a little bit about that was that
like I'm I'm older in the game I've had
a business for almost six years now
offline and um you know I I'm used to
the different ways that people
communicate Okay so I can pick up on on
people's tones and I just think from
like gifts like this I just think oh you
know just jog on really it doesn't it
doesn't really Peak my interest or
engagement okay um you know the guy's
trying and again like I say follow up
follow up follow up he's doing a good
job here in following up okay but this
is where things kind of take a turn all
right so I'm being hammered by memes um
memes here okay I'm not responding and
he's not really made any effort to to
diversify his follow-up so he's not sent
he's not even sent uh another video he's
not called me this is all one channel as
well so I've only received messages on
Facebook from this guy haven't had
emails haven't had anything okay so he's
not spreading his Outreach um you know
strategy on the channel he's not going
across channels which is what we
obviously help you guys build in the
acquisition partner program all
right so when it comes to the point here
where I think actually do you know what
I um I'm going to see you know what this
guy's about okay so I go back to him I
say message me on Discord and I give him
the Discord server he comes back
immediately saying I don't use Discord
bro okay my thoughts are okay so is it
my responsibility to fit in with you or
uh are you do you believe in what you're
selling enough to go on Discord and just
send me a message you know at this stage
yes I've sent him a brief you know I've
engaged with his message um I've not
answered to his follow-ups but there's
been a few days that have passed and
I've said yeah message me on Discord
thumbs up okay so it's a positive reply
I don't use Discord and at this point I
thought come on man like you're a young
guy what would have if what would it
have taken to open up your old Discord
account or create a free Discord account
join the server and just DM me okay it
shows to me that you are um you know
you're willing and able to actually work
for the sale um which is a a direct
reflection of you know the quality of
the product or service you're putting
forward okay it's it would be a bit like
going into a shoe store and and and
trying on one pair um that's the wrong
size and then saying to the attendant
you know do you mind going back to the
warehouse or you know the stock room to
find me um size n and they say oh well
no you've got size eight on your feet so
just tell me what you think about them
all right you get turned off you see
what I'm saying okay so I go back to him
I say come on man you know that's enough
to stop you trying to sell me and this
is where it gets you know interesting
right the guy comes back with I'm not
selling anything okay so that is
incorrect why are you you contact me out
of the blue is it out of the um
benevolence of of your heart and is it a
purely alteristic action that you've got
nothing to to pitch me or sell me or
influence me and bear in mind sale as a
economic term is you know um exchange of
goods and service for financial value
but in terms of what selling means
semantics wise it it it means
influencing okay um you know you can
sell a a prospective wife on your um
your standpoint as a husband you know
doesn't mean there has to be money
exchanged okay so the guy's coming back
to me and uh he's saying if you weren't
interested you should have said well how
does he know I'm not interested you know
I've had replies from prospects with the
Ecom agency that have literally come
back to me and and said to me you can't
I remember one of them was you can't
even get the name of our company right
um how are you how can we trust you to
do a good job I went back through the
emails and I did get the company name
absolutely correctly right
the brand owner for some reason was
probably stressed inundated with work
that day um fired off a message to me
you know sat on the toilet on his phone
he was wrong did I go back and say
you're wrong I got it right no I went
back I remained positive I said oh you
know my bad oh I don't actually I don't
I didn't admit um I didn't admit any
wrong CU you know don't admit wrong when
you haven't done it um I think I went
back to him and was like oh no problem
well you know let's get it right on a
call are you free in 2 minutes okay so
if you're selling something you believe
in you got to have some sort of
consumption and umph okay you got to
stay positive so I went back to this guy
and I was thinking you've come back with
something that's inaccurate and and a
lie and and marginally passive
aggressive okay that's what this is if
you weren't interested you should have
said okay so I went back to him thinking
I could help this guy out with a with a
bit of you know um big brotherly
fatherly advice here okay so I said have
some Integrity okay selling is a good
thing like I've said in this video I
Believe In selling there's nothing wrong
with it just be honest about it thinking
this guy might come back with some sort
of humility and say you're right no
problem at all like how how does that
call sound you know keep going keep
trying I've given him one neutral I've
given him a positive message a neutral
message I haven't even said no and he's
come back saying you're not interested
all right so the next message here is is
kind of enlightening of the whole thing
all right so he says my job is not to
sell bro my job is to get you on a call
I'm not a sales rep I'm an appointment
setter and I'm thinking in in what world
is this guy who's got something that
he's trying to pitch that isn't even his
own company so presumably this is a job
he's getting paid a salary and he's
getting bonuses for the appointments he
set he's coming back and saying my job
is not to sell I'm not selling anything
well you're an appointment setter that
forms a key component to a sales Pro a
wider sales process for a company that's
paying you to help deliver sales Okay so
yes you might not be a closer but it's
almost the same as a closer saying oh
well I don't do selling I just do
closing okay what you know it's the the
mentality to get hung up on semantics is
is baffling to me all right and and to
come back here um you know saying I'm
it's not my job to sell okay well I
don't care what your job is you know
your job is working for this company and
um I'm sure your boss would would
probably say your job above all is to um
engage with prospects and help them give
us money and help them pay us okay so I
was tempted and the thing is you know
it's the first guy I've ever actually
you know responded to like this I don't
like to bring any sort of negativity to
things and actually I think out of this
you know I can make this video and good
can come of it because I can help you
guys you know improve what you're doing
um but I wanted to go back to this guy
and say you
know if you're getting hung up on
semantics if you think you're not
selling if you're coming back passively
aggressively to a neutral and a positive
response then this isn't the game for
you you know um so I went back to him
and I wanted I wanted to almost say to
him look I've got 72k that I want to
give you I want to do it send me a
payment link okay and and watch what
would happen then he would probably come
back oh I I need to get you on a call I
can't do that um I don't have access to
the links uh uh uh whatever it might be
okay fine I'm gone shut the web shut
Facebook down go on to the next thing
client call whatever it might be I've
forgotten about them okay so in that
moment I could have said to him I want
to pay I've got the money here to give
you I want to in roll now I don't want
to around with calls I want to pay
you and I I know for 99.9% certainty
that that wouldn't have been possible
they would have said get on a call and
all this stuff okay so I went back to
him and said okay my friend look there's
no way you actually believe that because
nobody can get hung up on semantics like
this truthfully um I'm not going to
labor the point you're a key component
in the sales process but your job is not
to sale I mean come on uh genuinely wish
you the best and I do okay guys so and
and again he's come back again not
letting it go which is just absolutely
baffling to me okay maybe if you're Elon
Musk maybe if you're Donald Trump come
back to people and be passive aggressive
uh be fine out in your responses like
this but if you're trying to set an
appointment for a business you know they
they've the the bridge that they've
tried to build and totally burnt you
know why would I ever go back to this
company or trust this individual or why
would I ever respond to any of their
other appointment Setters or sales reps
um when I've had a response like this
that has been so uh uh you know sort of
off the hoof um and so visceral in how
emotional and triggered this guy has got
all right guys so looping this back this
has been a bit of a long video but if
you stayed around to the end of this um
you know you're going to see why this
has been worth it okay so just a key
things to summarize here all right so
you need to realize that with selling
anything you it's your job to come to an
agreement and you need to always keep it
in mind that you can come to an
agreement with a positive demeanor um
and with the um the Outlook that you can
always find a solution with with the
client okay another another thing that
this comes down to is is your non-verbal
stuff as well okay so smile um you know
be as positive reflect abundance and
positivity as much as you can to the
prospective um bi they don't want you to
come back and say I can't no I won't do
that let's get on a call say yes okay
work for them you are working for your
prospect okay not least whilst the sale
is not even closed yet
okay um agree with them all right so if
this guy had come back to me and said do
you know what yeah you are right um uh
even if he was you
know overcame his laziness and didn't
jump on Discord even if he came back and
said oh sorry mate I actually uh I'm not
on Discord but I would absolutely love
to um speak here's a quick Loom that I
recorded for you here's a call link
whatever it might be you know come back
and be positive all right don't come
back with something ay um and emotional
even if you're feeling that way okay he
doesn't know that I'm not interested all
right um and that's pretty much it guys
okay so if you're selling it's a long
video um but like I say hopefully it's
been enjoyable if you're selling
anything to anybody stay positive if
you're selling for them whether it's in
a job or your business um you know your
job is not to get your prospect to
believe you your job is to get your
prospect to believe that you believe you
okay and the way that you believe
yourself is by understanding your
product believing in it um and having a
service or product that actually um adds
value and solves a specific problem okay
so a lot of this stuff we we do
one-on-one in our coaching through the
acquisition partner program um we don't
have any hard sales I think this is
probably one of the First videos that
I've actually um mentioned at the end of
the video but if you've got this far um
go to acquisition partner. book a call
with us to see if you're eligible for
the program and uh hopefully we will see
you on the inside all right cheers guys
catch you in the next one